Small plum bed
Pardon me?
Can you say that again?
Me too.
Sorry.
But this child
It is the crystallization of my love for this life
I was desperate to have him
Raise him well
You're pregnant?
Wither, have you forgotten?
I drank too much that night
We were not careful
Lu Caution
It turns out that you have already betrayed this marriage
And I acted like a fool in the dark.
I hope you can resist it one day
It's my fault, me too
That's not easy.
But the child is innocent
It's still the role of our Lu family
Definitely want to stay
If gentle words cannot be born
Let Miss Xia come in
Yunchu, my wish to report my grandson depends entirely on you
Sit down this child can't be
Xiaoyan is my granddaughter-in-law
Your family and the next generation can only be Xiaoyan's children
Mom, that Xiaoyan can't give birth?
How do you know?
Has anyone asked Xiaoyan what he meant from start to finish?
Anyway, I don't agree with this woman
Mount Confucius, my stomach hurts
Our child can't be fine.